=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

volumeicon - A lightweight standalone volume icon indicator 

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<volumeicon --config=CONFIGFILE --device=MIXER --display=DISPLAY>
B<volumeicon --version>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This app is a standalone lightweight volume icon, desktop independent, which sits on the system tray.

volumeicon accepts the following parameters.

=over 4

=item B<-c, --config=CONFIGFILE>

Alternate configuration file. Default is B<~/.config/volumeicon/volumeicon>. Refer to L<volumeicon(5)> for configuration file information.

=item B<-d, --device=MIXER>

Mixer device name

=item B<-v, --version>

Output version number and exit

=item B<--display=DISPLAY>

X display to use

=back

=head1 BUGS

Submit bug reports and pull requests to L<Github|https://github.com/Maato/volumeicon>

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item Maato <maato@softwarebakery.com>

Developer

=item Niklas Koep <niklas.koep@gmail.com>

Lots of fixes, and help on github.
 
=item David Gidwani <david.gidwani@gmail.com>

Hotkey support
 
=item Mihail Szabolcs

Notifications

=item Matthias Frei

Show notification only when hotkeys are pressed or when scrolling the icon.

Make the volume slider popup downwards if no space is left above the icon.

=item Jean-Pierre Demailly <demailly@fourier.ujf-grenoble.fr>

Option to use a horizontal slider

Option to show the numerical value of the sound level on the slider

=item Matt Boyer

Added support for 8-bit OSS sliders and improved configure.ac for OSS

=item Gauvain Pocentek

Port to GTK 3

Added french translation.

=item Revellian

Changed volume mapping to match that of alsamixer (code from alsamixer).

=item Dan Church

Added `--with-default-mixerapp' configure option.

=item Valère Monseur

Added option for transparent slider background.

Various small fixes.

=item Steven Honeyman

Only use gtk -panel icons if they exist.

=item Mateusz Łukasik <mati75@linuxmint.pl>

Polish translation

=back

=head1 LICENSE

This program is licensed under GNU General Public License version 3. See B<COPYING> in the distribution for detailed license text.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<volumeicon(5)>, L<alsamixer(1)>

=cut
