=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

volumeicon - configuration file for L<volumeicon(1)>

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<~/.config/volumeicon/volumeicon>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<volumeicon(1)> obtains configuration information from B<~/.config/volumeicon/volumeicon>. This configuration file can be overriden on runtime via B<--config> switch.

The configuration syntax is similar of those .ini files.

=over 4

=item B<[Alsa]>

This section holds alsa sound card configuration.

=over 4

=item B<card>

Specify which sound card to control. The default value is B<default>.

=back

=item B<[Notification]>

This section holds notification configuration.

=over 4

=item B<show_notification>

The value can be either B<true> to enable notification or B<false> to disable notification.

=item B<notification_type>

The value can be either B<1> for libnotify based notification or B<0> for GTK+ popup notification.

=back

=item B<[StatusIcon]>

This section holds status icon configuration. The configuration items are as follows.

=over 4

=item B<stepsize>

Configure how many steps when changing volume. Takes an integer value. The default is B<5>.

=item B<onclick>

Configure the command executed when clicking B<volumeicon(1)> applet. The default is B<xterm -e 'alsamixer'>.

=item B<theme>

Icon theme to use. The default is B<tango>

=item B<use_panel_specific_icons>

Whether to use panel-provided icon. The default is B<false>.

=item B<lmb_slider>

Whether to show volume slider. The default is B<false>.

=item B<mmb_mute>

whether to use middle mouse button to toggle mute. The default is B<false>.

=item B<use_horizontal_slider>

Whether to use horizontal slider. The default is B<true>.

=item B<show_sound_level>

Whether to show sound level. The default is B<false>.

=item B<use_transparent_background>

Whether to use transparent background. The default is B<false>.

=back

=item B<[Hotkeys]>

This section holds the hotkey configuration for volume manipulation.

=over 4

=item B<up_enabled>

Whether to enable volume up hotkey. The default is B<false>.

=item B<down_enabled>

whether to enable volume down hotkey. The default is B<false>.

=item B<mute_enabled>

Whether to enable volume mute hotkey. The default is B<false>.

=item B<up>

Hotkey to increase volume. The default is B<XF86AudioRaiseVolume>.

=item B<down>

Hotkey to decrease volume. The default is B<XF86AudioLowerVolume>.

=item B<mute>

Hotkey to toggle mute. The default is B<XF86AudioMute>.

=back

=back

=head1 BUGS

Submit bug reports and pull requests to L<Github|https://github.com/Maato/volumeicon>

=head1 LICENSE

This program is licensed under GNU General Public License version 3. See B<COPYING> in the distribution for detailed license text.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<volumeicon(1)>, L<alsamixer(1)>, L<xev(1)>

=cut
